fix: IL2CPP in Unity 6 (#1735)
getsentry/sentry-unity: CHANGELOG.md

## Fixes

- The SDK no longer causes games to crash out of the box on platforms that have disk access restrictions (i.e. Nintendo Switch) ([#1728](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1728))

> - IL2CPP in Unity 6 ([#1735](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1735))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The SDK no longer causes crashes on Unity 6 in an attempt to provide line numbers ([#1735](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1735))
```
